Add `Catch the Beat Indonesia Cup Open 2024` wiki article (#11718)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/CIC/Open_2024/en.md

8. If a player disconnects, it will be treated as if they had failed the beatmap.
   - A beatmap can be replayed for disconnects that occur within 30 seconds after it has been started or prior to 25% of its completion.
9. Lag is not a valid reason to nullify a beatmap.
10. If any problems during the match occur, the tournament management will make a decision based on the referee's report.
11. It is expected that all players be polite and respectful to each other. Penalties will be given upon violation.
    - If a player is found to be engaging in an act that is deemed to be distasteful or provocative, the corresponding player may be disqualified right away from the tournament and/or blacklisted from future iterations of the tournament by the tournament management.
    - Usage of any tools or programs that are against the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules#community-rules) is strictly prohibited and will be straight up reported to the osu! team at will.

### Tournament registration

1. In order to participate, players are required to register into the tournament through [the tournament's website](https://wybin.xyz/tournaments/catch-indonesia-cup-open-2024/home).

>    - Each player is required to be geographically based in or around the [Asia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asia) or [Oceania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oceania) region.

Reviewer: or "Asian or Oceanian regions"

```suggestion
   - Each player is required to be geographically based in or around the regions of [Asia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asia) or [Oceania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oceania).
```

>    - For the sake of simplification, regions of certain transcontinental countries such as ::{ flag=AZ }:: Azerbaijan or ::{ flag=RU }:: Russia that extends to the Asian continent are considered as a part of Asia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For the sake of simplification, regions of certain transcontinental countries such as ::{ flag=AZ }:: Azerbaijan or ::{ flag=RU }:: Russia that extend to the Asian continent are considered as a part of Asia.
```

   - In the Quarterfinals and the Semifinals, each player needs to win 6 points in order to win a match. (Best of 11)
   - In both of the Finals weeks, each player needs to win 7 points in order to win a match. (Best of 13)
   - Whether there are players who are declared to win the match by default.
   - Whether there are players who are disqualified from the tournament.

### Match regulations

1. Prior to starting the match, representatives from each player must run the `!roll` command in order to determine the banning and picking order.
   - The winner of the `!roll` gets to determine who gets the first pick and the second ban.
   - The loser of the `!roll` gets the opposite by default.
   - This rule does not apply in the Qualifier lobbies.
2. Each player has to ban **one beatmap** from the corresponding mappool. These beatmaps will not be allowed to be picked by any player during the entire match.
   - Barring the tiebreaker, there are no restrictions as to which maps may and may not be banned in a match.
3. Each player will be given a chance to pick **one warm-up beatmap** to be played in the lobby.

>    - Playing a warm-up beatmap is not mandatory, and players may elect to skip their warm-up pick should they wish to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Playing a warm-up beatmap is not mandatory, and players may elect to skip their warm-up pick should they wish to.
```

4. Maps from the same mod pool **may not be picked twice in a row**.
   - For example, following a NM1 pick, the next player picking may not pick another map from the No Mod pool.

> 5. When playing a map from the HardRock or DoubleTime pool, the Hidden modification may be optionally used by any player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. When playing a map from the Hard Rock or Double Time pool, the Hidden mod may be optionally used by any player.
```
